Updating the go version in Contributing docs (#6326)
meshery/meshery: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Prerequisites for building Meshery in your development environment:

> 1. `Go` version 1.19.1 must installed if you want to build and/or make changes to the existing code. If you dont' want to disturb your existing version of `Go` then follow these [instructions](https://go.dev/doc/manage-install#:~:text=and%20run%20them.-,Installing%20multiple%20Go%20versions,-You%20can%20install) to keep multiple versions of `Go` in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go version 1.19.1 must installed if you want to build and/or make changes to the existing code. The binary `go1.19.1` should be available in your path. If you don't want to disturb your existing version of Go, then follow these [instructions](https://go.dev/doc/manage-install#:~:text=and%20run%20them.-,Installing%20multiple%20Go%20versions,-You%20can%20install) to keep multiple versions of Go in your system.
```
